Updated documentation for use alongside the WSUS admin-site (#165)
chocolatey/choco-wiki: How-To-Set-Up-Chocolatey-Server.md

We are looking to add support for the package source to automatically handle this aspect - http://blog.nuget.org/20150922/Accelerate-Package-Source.html

### Configure Simple Server alongside WSUS admin-site

If you are running the Simple Server next to a WSUS admin-site, you need to change some settings in the IIS-Configuration for making the Simple Server work correctly again.

> This is due to the fact that the WSUS admin-site installation registers two modules in the IIS root configuration, which will be passed down to all other sites running on that IIS including the Chocolatey Simple Server site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is due to the fact that the WSUS admin-site installation registers two modules in the IIS root configuration, which will be passed down to all other sites running on that IIS instance, including the Chocolatey Simple Server site.
```

> So for making the chocolatey simple server work again you need to disable inheritance for these modules in order to remove them from the chocolatey Simple Server site.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the Chocolatey Simple Server work again, you will need to disable inheritance for these modules in order to remove them from the Chocolatey Simple Server site.  
```

> *Before making changes to your ISS configuration, read all steps carefully and make sure that you have a backup*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Before making changes to your IIS configuration, read all steps carefully and make sure that you have a backup*  
```

Author: OK...apparently Chocolatey has not made it into space (yet ;) )

# Remove locks from modules
Remove-WebConfigurationLock -Filter "system.webServer/modules/add[@name='DynamicCompressionModule']" -PSPath IIS:\
Remove-WebConfigurationLock -Filter "system.webServer/modules/add[@name='StaticCompressionModule']" -PSPath IIS:\

# Remove modules from the Chocolatey Simple Server site
Disable-WebGlobalModule -PSPath 'IIS:\Sites\ChocolateyServer\' -Name DynamicCompressionModule
Disable-WebGlobalModule -PSPath 'IIS:\Sites\ChocolateyServer\' -Name StaticCompressionModule

# Restart website
Stop-Website -Name "ChocolateyServer"
Start-Website -Name "ChocolateyServer"
```
or manual:  
  1. Open the IIS Management Console
  2. Click on the server name on the upper left pane
  3. On the right pane doubleclick on `Modules`. All available modules will show up
  4. Search for `DynamicCompressionModule`, right-click it and choose `Unlock`
  5. Do the same for `StaticCompressionModule`
  6. Under `Sites` on the left pane click on the site for your Chocolatey Simple Server, most likely `ChocolateyServer`
  7. Again, search for `Modules` on the right pane and doubleclick it
  8. Search for `DynamicCompressionModule`, right-click it and choose `Remove`

>   9. Restart the Simple Server site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  9. Restart the Chocolatey Simple Server site
```
